  Throughout the past several weeks, the seven of us have been working together to deliver an application that allows users to create and receive itineraries that include flights, accommodations, and attractions providing only their budget, locations, and departure and return date. During this time period, we got to know each other so that we could ensure the success of our application.
  
  There were many standards and conventions that lead to the success of our project. Since the start, we have had at least two meetings every week to plan our task for the week and update each other on problems. One of the first things we discussed was dividing up the work so we split ourselves into the frontend and backend teams, which helped us organize ourselves and assign tasks easier. We first communicated through a Facebook group chat, but then the messages started to cluster together so we moved onto Slack. It was helpful in organizing our conversations because Slack allowed us to create multiple channels like frontend, backend, etc. so conversations would contain messages relevant to each other. Once development started, we made a two-approval rule for merge requests so other people could check changes before they were finalized. Also during development, both teams worked on the same feature so they could help each other and make sure both parts worked together.
  
  The bulk of our difficulties were made apparent in the early stages of our project. Scheduling meetings was our prominent issue that we faced. Since every member had their own other involvements, the team had some conflicts with some meetings that were originally planned. This made it a challenge to clarify and solidify tasks and features that we intended to implement during the sprint. Communication amongst the group was also somewhat in disarray in such a way that it was a challenge to communicate ideas effectively. This leads to more difficulties within the group, since each member needs to be aware of the design clearly to properly implement their parts. 
  
  Given more time with the same group, there would be some aspects of our approach to completing a product that would require some improvements. Primarily, the communication within the group would be more precise and clear. That can be improved on by providing more diagrams when communicating ideas to the rest of the group. We could have also made a standard time for our meetings so we don’t have last minute rescheduling and could meet in person, which is when we were more effective.
  
  Over the past few weeks, we have developed strategies and techniques to aid in the development of our application. Some were helpful and some could have used some improvements, but in the end we were able to collaborate and develop our application successfully. We had a great team experience and can learn from this project to help us with future team projects and assignments.
